README.md, before:

# fan-control

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=flat-square)](#license)
![ci_status](https://github.com/wiiznokes/fan-control/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)


# Features
- Display sensors data on real time
- Control fans based on custom behaviors
- Save configuration
- Multiplatform (Linux/Windows)

## Installation
#### Linux
To have the maximum number of sensors detected by the application, you must install lm-sensor and run the hardware detection script:
```
sudo apt install lm-sensors
sudo sensors-detect
```
Also, make sure to execute the program in sudo mode.

## Repo structure
- [hardware](./hardware/README.md): define an abstraction around the hardware.
- [data](./data/README.md): define structures used in the app (Node, Config), and there logic. Depend on [hardware](./hardware/README.md)
- [ui](./ui/README.md): implement the UI. Depend on [data](./data/README.md) and [hardware](./hardware/README.md)
- the app: integrate all this crates in one executable

## Config files
- Windows: `C:\Users\wiiz\AppData\Roaming\wiiznokes\fan-control\config`
- Linux: `/home/wiiz/.config/fan-control`

## Build
See instructions [here](./BUILD.md).

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome, do not hesitate to open an issue, a pull request, etc...

Commit message:

Resource res git dep (#37)
* add justfile

* change resource name path + add resource resolver

* fix

* fixes

* update deps

* - update value directly when entering the app

* refractor windows code

* add shutdown call

* Update DEV.md

* Update DEV.md

* Update DEV.md

* Update LibreHardwareMonitorWrapper.csproj

* Update README.md

* fix

* ff

* remove use of ${{ env.ARTIFACT_NAME }}

* Revert "remove use of ${{ env.ARTIFACT_NAME }}"

This reverts commit 2d8c115a0a7468095b4e944ac35c76b9a9decb95.

* Update upload_artifacts.yml

* rename target

* fix ?

* Update upload_artifacts.yml

* remove makefile

* Update DEV.md

* fmt

* Update ci.yml

* ff

* Update Cargo.lock

* update doc

README.md, after:

# fan-control

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=flat-square)](#license)
![ci_status](https://github.com/wiiznokes/fan-control/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)


# Features
- Display sensors data on real time
- Control fans based on custom behaviors
- Save configuration
- Multiplatform (Linux/Windows)
  
![fan-control](https://github.com/wiiznokes/fan-control/assets/78230769/cdc30753-4186-47a1-ba49-11af3868380f)


# Usage
- You can add items with the buttons on the right of the app.
- To save a configuration, write a name in the "Configuration name" field, and click on the `+`.
- To modify the value of a fan, you must select it in a `Control` item (the left column), select a `Behavior`, and activate the swtich.

# Installation
#### Linux
To have the maximum number of sensors detected by the application, you must install lm-sensor and run the hardware detection script:
```
sudo apt install lm-sensors
sudo sensors-detect
```
Also, make sure to execute the program in sudo mode.

## Config files
- Windows: `C:\Users\wiiz\AppData\Roaming\wiiznokes\fan-control\config`
- Linux: `/home/wiiz/.config/fan-control` or `/root/.config/fan-control`

## Repo structure
- [hardware](./hardware/README.md): define an abstraction around the hardware.
- [data](./data/README.md): define structures used in the app (Node, Config), and there logic. Depend on [hardware](./hardware/README.md)
- [ui](./ui/README.md): implement the UI. Depend on [data](./data/README.md) and [hardware](./hardware/README.md)
- the app: integrate all this crates in one executable

## Build
See instructions [here](./BUILD.md).

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome, do not hesitate to open an issue, a pull request, etc...
